Add PNG export to simulator (#266)
jamwaffles/embedded-graphics: simulator/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased] - ReleaseDate

### Added

> - **(breaking)** #266 Added image-rs support and PNG export. See the `README.md` for information about how to enable this features. The API for creating windows was changed to make the output settings independent of the `Window` type. The pixel scaling and theme settings were moved to a new `OutputSettings` struct, that can be built using the `OutputSettingsBuilder`. `WindowBuilder` was removed and replaced by a `Window::new(title, &output_settings)` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **(breaking)** #266 Added [image](https://crates.io/crates/image) support and PNG export. See the `README.md` for information about how to enable these features. The API for creating windows was changed to make the output settings independent of the `Window` type. The pixel scaling and theme settings were moved to a new `OutputSettings` struct that can be built using the `OutputSettingsBuilder`. `WindowBuilder` was removed and replaced by a `Window::new(title, &output_settings)` function.
```
